the school of engineering and
mathematical sciences is divided into
four areas mathematical science civil
engineering electrical and electronic
engineering and mechanical engineering
and aeronautics we've been carrying out
research and delivering education in
these four subject areas for over a
hundred years my name is Andrea crystal
Aviano and I'm studying gonna mention
Air Transport engineering it is very
very interesting to be surrounded by
colleagues from all around the world we
are all different of course but we all
shared the same passion for engineering
the other students on the course were
actually working as civil engineers so
which was great because we were able to
discuss about what is it like to work as
a civil engineer you know what is it
like to be in it mr. engineer industry
so it was amazing to have that exchange
I came to City University because it has
a great central London location I've
decided to study mathematics at City
because I've always enjoyed mathematics
and problem-solving
I believe this course will give me the
essential tools to solve such problems
and at the same time it's going to give
me great career prospects today staff in
my course surprised me by being so
passionate about their work it is not
about transferring their knowledge to us
it is more about giving us an insight
into what we may be expected to do if
after after graduating in real industry
the industrial content of our courses
makes us popular with employers and City
University graduates are regularly
within the top 10 most employable
graduates of all UK universities in
addition we work very hard to secure our
students placements and opportunities to
study abroad
my name is Jimmy - on the image
automotive and motorsport engineering
programme today I'm working on the
former student project it's a single
seater race card that we designed
throughout the whole year so towards the
end of the year we put the car together
and it's ready for scrutineering and ray
in Silverstone the place menu is a great
chance to secure a full time job which
is what happened to me I have a full
time job starting next year and I'm
really excited to start working the
reason I chose to do my PhD here is
mainly because of the atmosphere that we
have at City University and the relation
that we share with the professors and
the lecturers yeah and I became very
acquainted here while I was doing my
undergrad course as in the Masters in
engineering and which took four years
and after my four years I've decided to
stay here because I just like the place
and the people research in the school is
organized into five centers there's five
research centers mathematics energy in
transport systems controlled
instrumentation and sensors and
construction processes researchers in
the school are strongly encouraged to
participate in interdisciplinary
research with other schools particularly
in the areas of transport and also cyber
and security Sciences the most important
thing I would tell anyone considering
applying for the course I study is that
they will never regret joining the big
family of future engineers here at City
University London